Update user profile docs for updatable root attributes (#7223)
auth0/docs: articles/users/normalized/auth0/normalized-user-profile-schema.md

Fields that are always generated:

* **`name`**: the user's full name.

> * **`nickname`**: the first part of the user's email, or the user's username if using the Auth0 data store and require username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`nickname`**: the user's username or the local part of the user's email.
```

Author: @panga: Are there conditions surrounding when each is used?

Reviewer: No, the nickname default value is:
We first try to use username, but if username is not present, we set the local part of the email.
That's why I used the `OR` there.

Author: Updated. Thank you.

* **`picture`**: the URL of the [user's picture](/users/guides/change-user-pictures). If unavailable, Auth0 uses the Gravatar image associated with the user's email address.
* **`user_id`**: the user's unique identifier. This is unique per Connection, but the same for all apps that authenticate via that Connection.

> By default, a user's `name`, `nickname`, and `picture` attributes provided by identity providers other than Auth0 (such as Google, Facebook, Twitter) are not directly editable since they are updated from the identity provider each time a user logs in. If you want to be able to edit these attributes, you must [enable a connection to allow updates to the normalized user profile](/connections/guides/allow-update-normalized-user-profile). When enabled, user attributes will be updated from the identity provider only on user profile creation and will be available to be edited with the Management API's [Update a user endpoint](/api/management/v2#!/Users/patch_users_by_id).

Reviewer: Please change line 22.

From:
`* **`nickname`**: the user's username.`

To:
`* **`nickname`**: the first part of the user's email or the user's username if using Auth0 store and require username.`

Author: Done. Thanks!
